# ART Finder and Soulful Buddy
## ART Finder: Automated Research and Trigger Finder  
ART Finder is a cutting-edge tool designed to revolutionize the research phase of ad creation. By automating data collection and analysis from sources like Google, YouTube, Reddit, Quora, and app reviews, it identifies user pain points, triggers, and trends. Marketers can uncover high-performing hooks, CTAs, and strategies used by competitors, while receiving actionable insights to craft compelling, user-centric ads. With its intuitive dashboard and visualized insights, ART Finder simplifies complex research and inspires creativity.  

### Key Features:  
- Comprehensive data scraping from blogs, forums, social media, and competitor ads.  
- Insightful analysis of user problems, triggers, and market trends.  
- Recommendations for effective hooks, CTAs, and ad strategies.  
- Easy-to-navigate dashboard with graphs, word clouds, and sentiment analysis.  

## SoulBuddy: Your AI-Powered Spiritual Guide*  
SoulBuddy combines ancient wisdom with modern AI to provide personalized spiritual guidance through astrology and numerology. By analyzing user birth details, it generates detailed Kundalis, daily horoscopes, and actionable recommendations like gemstone suggestions and rituals. An interactive chatbot offers spiritual advice in a conversational format, making spiritual exploration accessible and engaging. SoulBuddy empowers users to enhance personal growth, emotional well-being, and spiritual connection.  

### Key Features:
- Kundali generation with insights into career, relationships, and personal growth.  
- Personalized recommendations for gemstones and rituals with benefits explained.  
- Meditation, workout, and sleep content tailored to astrological insights.  
- AI-driven chatbot for spiritual advice and simplified explanations.  



---

## Setup Instructions

### 1. Clone the Repository
```bash
git clone https://github.com/Bhrighu12/LevelSuperMind.git
```
### 2. Install Dependencies
Install the required Python libraries:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
### 3. Create a .streamlit Folder
Create a .streamlit folder in the root directory of your project and add the following:

secrets.toml file
```
[api_keys]
langflow_token = "your-generated-token"
langflow2_token = "your-generated-token"
```
Replace <your-generated-token> with the API token generated by LangFlow.

### 4. Run the Application
Start the Streamlit application:

```bash
streamlit run index.py
```

## How to Use
(1) Select which application to use ART Finder or Soulful Buddy

(2) For ART Finder enter Topic and Brand Guideline and Click button to Create Advertisement

(3) For Soulful Buddy Enter your Details and press Generate Kundli


## Demonstration

## Website Link
https://coderssquad-levelsupermind.streamlit.app/


## Notes
Ensure you have a valid LangFlow APP_TOKEN before running the application.

The API token is stored securely in the secrets.toml file and accessed through st.secrets[].
